welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to where the sidewalk ends
for us and our relationship with kevin
bacon with the 1990 film tremors
this video is dedicated to the hardcore
fans of geological surveying if that's
you you should subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open on a canyon
where valentine is taking a piss off the
edge of the world
then he gives his bro earl a tender
wake-up call so they can continue their
day of doing odd jobs for a couple of
bucks
between jobs they ride out to meet the
new grad student a common feature of the
town due to the valley's ample
opportunity for geological survey
val's hoping for some peaks and valleys
to explore but set his expectations too
high for plain old ronda who doesn't
even have the consolation prize of some
exciting findings to report out on
just some strange and random rumblings
from the bowels of the earth we learn
afterward that valentine has an
in-cell style list of requirements in a
mate despite only having access to
whatever happens to blow through town
and then they head to walters general
store where the townsfolk hang out for
beers
groceries and ammo tired of this dead
end life our boys
pack up to hit the old dusty trail
however on the way out they see edgar
drunk and passed out on the power lines
again they go
youth before beauty as val prepares to
climb clean up his butt and discovers
him dead
the doctor says he died of dehydration
and was likely up that tower for several
days
while they mull on that we see farmer
dill and his wife tending the fields
with horrific results this again
prevents the boys from breaking free of
the town as they survey the damage and
discover their friend's hat
and cherubic face framed by a ridge of
sand like he's peering out from a
butthole
in town they have no working phone and
local cb only due to the mountains
so they head down the road again and
find it impassable as it's been chunked
up since their last pass through
they turn around and get high centered
on something requiring val to drive it
like he stole it which does the trick
in town they see the problem was related
to a sort of prehistoric snake that
wrapped itself around their axle
bert suggests there must be a bunch of
those suckers sliding around if they ate
up a whole flock of sheep
that evening an old couple outside town
finds their generator missing it
eventually reappears as a stinky
surprise erupting from the earth
jim is excited by the geological
implications of this but his enthusiasm
quickly wanes when he has to deal with
being dragged underground by a sand worm
megan then takes cover in the wagon
which is pulled under as well to give
her attackers
time to patiently work at gaining access
to the gooey treat inside
val and earl venture out on horses the
next day to find help but the horses
eventually send something wrong
they try to chide them on but are asked
to kindly piss off
and then they get to first reveal that
these creatures are underground and that
the large snakes are actually just small
prehensile tongues attached to the mouth
of a much larger sand walrus they run
for it and luck out when it goes
headfirst into the concrete abutment of
the canal and then rhonda appears
did you notice anything weird a minute
ago uh yeah
as they excavate the find ronda decides
that based on the pings across the
valley there must be about three more of
them
so they beeline for the truck but when
the needles get to jittering they're
forced onto the closest rocks
where she determines they must be
hunting by ground vibrations they find
themselves
in an edgar-like situation unable to
leave their location
and the creatures prove to be persistent
waiting out their prey even if it takes
all night luckily rhonda has a great
idea
involving some conveniently available
refuse which allows them to traverse the
rocky piles via pole vaulting a sport
that thankfully has no learning curve
whatsoever this results in them arriving
gracefully at the truck where ronda
gasses it with her hands and steers with
her shoulder blades
knowing where to go by memory i guess
back in town they barely have time to do
more than determine they should head for
the mountains where the graboids don't
move so good before their presence is
noticed in town
as they work to ensure everyone's safety
they're forced to scatter
rhonda finds herself tossed about by the
bulging earth entangling her in barbed
wire and requiring pants removal this
gives val the opportunity to hit those
wounds with some essential oils to stave
off infection
and also to fall in love but then the
freezer pops off attracting unwanted
attention in walter the one who named
the graboids and thus took away their
power is ironically dragged underground
as the creature's new wife
and the rest of them take to the
rooftops burt and heather then arrive
home confused about the lack of any
snake trails to pursue
and notice their friends behaving oddly
unfortunately the bullet tumbler
attracts one of the graboids before they
can flee
fortunately it emerges from the wall
opposite the gun wall so they get to pew
pew at the death with their whole armory
now needing to reunite the town gang
decides to go for the tractor to round
everyone up they set off a distraction
and val goes for it but gets caught out
he plays little cat and mouse game
before ronda's quick thinking buys him
some more time
this allows them to regroup and head for
open valley but like in
every other way imaginable they're
thwarted by their enemy they managed to
use bert's pipe bombs to clear a path to
a rock formation
from here they manage to fish one of the
two remaining graboids celebrating
prematurely as they're then
slathered in baby food however this
tactic doesn't work on the final
smartest graboid but val is suddenly
struck by an idea and finds himself full
of piss and vinegar so they blindly
follow him as he runs toward a cliff and
at the last moment he sets off a bomb
behind their pursuer
the explosion forces it to full speed
erupt from the cliff face and splatter
its entrails on the rocks below
we end the next day as the boys are
preparing to go report their findings to
the broader world
and after receiving some heavy signals
val works up the courage to consummate
his relationship with rhonda
just a reminder that i've set up a
website for anyone who wants to support
the channel through donations
any donation will get you access to a 10
minute review of toby hooper's life
force thank you so much to churls
and the cc for your generous donations
if there is something in particular you
want me to call you drop that in the
comment box tremors is a really well
done movie it's full of practical
effects and it's not afraid to take the
time to build up suspense and atmosphere
before unloading with the action if you
enjoyed the video i'd love for you to
become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching